Q.1 Why django searches the templates in the templates folder of any app? 
A . 
In Django, when you use the render function to render a template, 
the template engine looks for the template file in specific locations 
based on the app structure and configuration. 

Template Engine Configuration:
The behavior of template loading can be customized using the APP_DIRS 
option in the TEMPLATES setting. If APP_DIRS is set to True 
(which is the default), Django looks for templates within the 'templates'
 subdirectory of each app.

Q.2 How can i modify the path?
A.
If you want to disable searching for templates within each app's 'templates' directory,
 set 'APP_DIRS' to False. This means you need to specify the full path or
 relative path to the template in the render function.

You can add custom directories to the 'DIRS' option in the TEMPLATES setting.
 Django will search for templates in these directories in the specified order.

TEMPLATES = [
    {
        'BACKEND': 'django.template.backends.django.DjangoTemplates',
        'DIRS': ['/path/to/your/templates', 'another/path'],
        'APP_DIRS': True,
        # ...
    },
]

Q.3 Can you change the name of your urls.py to rountes.py of any app?
A. Yes you can easily do it as it is not a part of any configuration.

Q.4 How to set false in append slash in settings.py?
A. Add APPPEND_SLASH = False

Q. How will you assign a path where the image files should be stored?
A. I will use the MEDIA_ROOT varible and override it using non-relative
path and put it in raw string. In this way it will have a DIRECTORY 
to save files.
To
To define further folder I can do it while creating ImageField using
built-in attribute upload_to=""

Q. Do you really need a model , hence DB, to store the uploaded images?
A. No. refer to imageUpload.py in that the file handler is accepting :
    1. extracted file from FORM
    2. desired directory
    3. desired folder name
    and that's it Now whenever the user uploads the image it comes in views function
    where the code of file handler saying it to save directly the desired folder
    name.


Q. Why to use DB then?
A. To collect the record of the image files.like name, datetime,size,etc

Q. Can you use Separte storage server?
A. For dummy project you can create a django server again and after creating a url which
when recieve the post request it come into the view again from the you can use the File handler to 
save the file in the desired folder. 

ELSE :
You can use the amazon's server which might have based on different framework and might also have the
authentication system.
For that you might need extra packages designed to work with
Azure,GCloud,S3 etc.
 which will help you to achieve this goal.

refer to storageServer.py


Q. If you deleted the object of image data in from you DB will it also delete the 
image from the folder?

A. refer to deleteImage.py

Q. why we defined the src of image from url and not from cwd.
A. cwd applies when you have the same server to save your images but urls
will be source when you will have the different storage server and backend server.